fix: drop non-error objects when reporting errors (#1279)
Instabug/Instabug-React-Native: CHANGELOG.md

- Add support for Expo Router navigation tracking ([#1270](https://github.com/Instabug/Instabug-React-Native/pull/1270)).

### Fixed

> - Fix Omitted non-error objects when logging errors to ensure only error objects are supported.([#1279](https://github.com/Instabug/Instabug-React-Native/pull/1279)).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Drop non-error objects passed to `CrashReporting.reportError` as they don't have a stack trace ([#1279](https://github.com/Instabug/Instabug-React-Native/pull/1279)).
```
